### Terminology

*  <a name="restApi">**REST API**</a>
   [see understanding-using-rest-api](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/01/understanding-using-rest-api/)

* <a name="saas"/>**SAAS** Software as a service (SaaS) is a software
  distribution model in which a third-party provider hosts applications
  and makes them available to customers over the Internet.
* <a name="ssc"/>**Software supply chain (or SSC)**: the series of
  actions performed to create a software product. These steps usually
  begin with users committing to a version control system and end with
  the software product's installation on a client's system.
* <a name="layout"/>**Supply chain layout (or simply layout, or layout
  metadata)**: a signed file that dictates the series of steps that
  need to be carried out in the SCC to create a final product. The
  layout includes ordered steps, requirements for such steps, and the
  list of actors (or functionaries) in charge of carrying out every
  step. The steps within the supply chain are laid out by a project
  owner.
* <a name="sublayout"/>**Sublayout**: A supply chain layout that
  describes steps as part of another supply chain layout.
* <a name="productOwner"/>**Project owner**: the authoritative figure
  within a project. The project owner will dictate which steps are to be
  carried out in the supply chain, and who is authorized to carry out
  each step (i.e., define the layout).
* <a name="functionary"/>**Functionary**: an individual or automated
  script that will perform an action within the supply chain. For
  example, the actor in charge of compiling a project's source code is a
  functionary.
* <a name="step"/>**Supply chain step**: a single action in the software
  supply chain, which is performed by a functionary.
* <a name="link"/>**Link**: metadata information gathered while
  performing a supply chain step or inspection, signed by the
  functionary that performed the step or the client that performed the
  inspection. This metadata includes information such as materials,
  products and byproducts.
*  <a name="mat"/>**Materials**: the elements used (e.g., files) to
   perform a step in the supply chain. Files generated by one step
   (e.g., .o files) can be materials for a step further down the chain
   (e.g., linking).
* <a name="prod"/>**Product**: the result of carrying out a step.
  Products are usually persistent (e.g,. files), and are often meant to
  be used as materials on subsequent steps. Products are recorded as
  part of link metadata.
* <a name="artifact"/>**Artifact**: a material or a product, as
  described above.
* <a name="verification"/>**Verification**: the process by which data
  and metadata included in the final product is used to ensure its
  correctness. Verification is performed by the **Argos service** by
  checking the supply chain layout and links for correctness.
  
*  <a name="scr"/>**Supply chain run** one particular run of a software
   artifact through a supply chain.
